Document mime part filters on antivirus module (#582)
rspamd/rspamd.com: doc/modules/antivirus.md

...
~~~

> Also you are able to use 2 types of mime part filters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 3.5, you are able to use two more types of mime part filters:
```

~~~ucl
...
  mime_parts_filter_regex {
    FILE1 = "^invoice\.xls$"
    DOC1 = "application\/msword";
    DOC2 = "application\/vnd\.ms-word.*";
    GEN2 = "application\/vnd\.openxmlformats-officedocument.*";
  }
  # Mime-Part filename extension matching (no regex)
  mime_parts_filter_ext {
    doc = "doc";
    docx = "docx";
  }
...
~~~

> mime_parts_filter_regex will match on the content-type detected by rspamd or mime part header or the declared filename of an attachment or an archive file listing. mime_parts_filter_ext will only match the extension of the declared filename or an archives file list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`mime_parts_filter_regex` matches the content-type detected by Rspamd, or mime part header, or the declared filename of an attachment (the former option also works for the files within an archive). `mime_parts_filter_ext` matches the extension of the declared filename or an archives file list.
```
